                                        *A BLOG BRUST ON TASK 2*

Introduction:

              Blogging is like having your own digital campfire where you can share your passions, expertise, and stories with a global audience. I recently had the opportunity to work on a        task that I thoroughly enjoyed - writing a blog post about my experience with a project I led. In this post, I'll share the technical details, my thoughts, and experience working on this task.

1) TECHNICAL DETAILS :
                        I found this task as very interesting . Through this task i came to know about many technical things like 
                        ~GITHUB  
                        ~LINUX  
                        ~COMMANDS 
                        ~ERROR SOLVING 
                        ~EXPLORING THE TASK
                        etc...... 

2)MY THOUGHTS AND EXPERIENCE :  
                         
                          # With the help of this task i came to know about all the new things as mentioned in the above .
                          # At first and while doing the task i felt is as too much tough thinking i couldn't complete the task .At one point i also decided to give up the task and move                   onto the next one , as i understood i am spending too much time on it and could not complete it by the way . I just used to keep on exploring and viewing what all are there in inside the files not knowing what i needed exactly . But, at one point after the completion of doing part-2 in task 2 .Again i started to know all the commands from youtube videos and tutorials , to my good luck i really found a good command which is "TREE" command .I don't know the command at first if i had knew that command i think i may not take this much time , I mean i can complete little bit faster by saving 1 or 2 days . After completion of part-2 in that i decided not to go blindly without knowing what exactly i have to find and waste .So before starting part-3 in task 2 i read that  part-3 many times and understood which code i needed exactly and i worked on it to find the code and followed the same for all the sub-tasks . And successfully , after many days approximately a one week after i could make it and completed it finally . But ,i could say this task is great because through this task i came to know about Linux , Linux commands , Git commands , also came to know some information about the GitHub which is very useful in modern days .The task may be little bit tough but contains a lot's of information and which included more technical work and research work as it is new to me i felt difficulty .I think if i practise moree on it i don't feel that much difficulty . But , finally i was very happy after completion of this tough task and enjoyed it . 


3)WHAT I LEARNT FROM THIS TASK :
                        
                            * For me before going through the tasks,i tought all the tasks are about learning languages & writing programs,I never expected this type of tasks to be honest.                                    
                            * I learnt a many useful things like about the Linux and GitHub . For me these are the 2 which i mainly learnt from task-2
                            * I came to know about how the technical tasks are there and got an idea on how to solve it , if i face the tasks like these tasks.
                            * I got an idea about how to solve the errors in the codes  
                            

4)CONCLUSION : 
              I finally found the task-2 as very interesting and learnt many new things to explore it . Though it is a little bit tough it has much stuff contained it it which we can learn      from it .  So , i conclude my task by just saying task-2 is marvelous task among all tasks which i have done and i really enjoyed it .       
                      
                          































   

                                